

	

		Protocol

		Standard Version

		Standard Compliance

		Error Compliance

		Server Class

		Server Reset State

		Server Timeout

		Object Identifier 1

		Object Identifier 2

		Communication 2400 BAUD

		Communication 4800 BAUD

		Communication 9600 BAUD

		Communication 19200 BAUD

		Communication 38400 BAUD

		Communication 57600 BAUD

		Communication 115200 BAUD

		End Session

		Server Settings

		Communications BAUD Rate

		Communications Time Out

		Server Contact

		Server Phone Number

		Level 1

		Level 2

		UPS

		AIR

		PMP

		Normal

		Soft Reset

		None

		All

		Unsupported

		Supported

		Change-of-Value Register

		Change-of-Value Multi-cast

		Basic Commands

		Alarm Silence

		Battery Test

		Cancel

		Output On Delay

		Output Off Delay

		Output Off Mode

		Permanent

		Reboot

		Load Key

		PDU

		The general classification for this system

		Air Temperature

		Supply Air Temperature

		Air temperature measured at the outlet of the unit.

		Air Temperature Set Point

		Desired air temperature.

		Cooling Proportional Band

		Temperature control band above [Air Temperature Set Point].  If measured air temperature is within this band, cooling operations are proportionally controlled.

		Air Temperature Dead Band

		Value that is divided evenly to form a temperature range above and below [Air Temperature Set Point].  If measured air temperature is within this range, no heating or cooling will occur.

		Supply Air Over Temp Threshold

		Threshold value used in the [Supply Air Over Temperature] event.

		Supply Air Over Temperature

		[Supply Air Temperature] has exceeded [Supply Air Over Temp Threshold].

		Supply Air Over Temperature - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Supply Air Over Temperature] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Supply Air Over Temperature - Event Type

		The event type for the [Supply Air Over Temperature] event.

		Message

		Warning

		Alarm

		Supply Air Under Temp Threshold

		Threshold value used in the [Supply Air Under Temperature] event.

		Supply Air Under Temperature

		[Supply Air Temperature] has dropped below [Supply Air Under Temp Threshold].

		Supply Air Under Temperature - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Supply Air Under Temperature] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Supply Air Under Temperature - Event Type

		The event type for the [Supply Air Under Temperature] event.

		Supply Air Sensor Issue

		The air sensor at the outlet of the unit is disconnected or the signal is out of range.

		Return Air

		Return Air Temperature

		Air temperature measured at the inlet of the unit.

		Humidity

		Return Humidity

		Relative humidity measured at the inlet of the unit.

		Humidity Set Point

		Desired relative humidity.

		Humidification  Proportional Band

		Humidity control band below [Humidity Set Point].  If measured humidity is within this band, humidification operations are proportionally controlled.

		Humidity Dead Band

		Value that is divided evenly to form a range above and below [Humidity Set Point].  If measured humidity is within this range, no humidification or dehumidification will occur.

		High Return Humidity Threshold

		Threshold value used in the [High Return Humidity] event.

		High Return Humidity

		[Return Humidity] has exceeded [High Return Humidity Threshold].

		High Return Humidity - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [High Return Humidity] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		High Return Humidity - Event Type

		The event type for the [High Return Humidity] event.

		Low Return Humidity Threshold

		Threshold value used in the [Low Return Humidity] event.

		Low Return Humidity

		[Return Humidity] has dropped below [Low Return Humidity Threshold].

		Low Return Humidity - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Low Return Humidity] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Low Return Humidity - Event Type

		The event type for the [Low Return Humidity] event.

		Customer Input

		External Reheat Lockout

		The reheater is shut down and disabled by an external input signal.

		Ext Reheat Lockout - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Ext Reheat Lockout] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Ext Reheat Lockout - Event Type

		The event type for the [Ext Reheat Lockout] event.

		External Humidifier Lockout

		The humidifier is shut down and disabled by an external input signal.

		Ext Humidifier Lockout - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Ext Humidifier Lockout] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Ext Humidifier Lockout - Event Type

		The event type for the [Ext Humidifier Lockout] event.

		External Compressor Lockout

		The compressor is shut down and disabled by an external input signal. 

		Ext Compressor Lockout - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Ext Compressor Lockout] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Ext Compressor Lockout - Event Type

		The event type for the [Ext Compressor Lockout] event.

		Customer Input 1

		Customer Input 1.

		Customer Input 1 - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Customer Input 1] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Customer Input 1 - Event Type

		The event type for the [Customer Input 1] event.

		Ext Over Temperature

		A temperature has exceeded its threshold, as indicated by an external input signal.  

		Ext Over Temperature - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Ext Over Temperature] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Ext Over Temperature - Event Type

		The event type for the [Ext Over Temperature] event.

		External Air Blower Issue

		Air blower is not operating within its operational parameters, as indicated by an external input signal.

		External Air Blower Issue - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [External Air Blower Issue] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		External Air Blower Issue - Event Type

		The event type for the [External Air Blower Issue] event.

		Ext Loss of Flow

		Loss of flow is detected, as indicated by an external input signal.

		Ext Loss of Flow - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Ext Loss of Flow] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Ext Loss of Flow - Event Type

		The event type for the [Ext Loss of Flow] event.

		Condenser VFD Issue

		The condenser fan Variable Frequency Drive is offline.

		Condenser VFD Issue - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Condenser VFD Issue] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Condenser VFD Issue - Event Type

		The event type for the [Condenser VFD Issue] event.

		Condenser TVSS Issue

		The condenser Transient Voltage Surge Suppressor device has failed.

		Condenser TVSS Issue - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Condenser TVSS Issue] event (Transient Voltage Surge Suppressor).  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Condenser TVSS Issue - Event Type

		The event type for the [Condenser TVSS Issue] event (Transient Voltage Surge Suppressor).

		Ext Condenser Pump High Water

		High water is detected in the condenser, as indicated by an external input signal.

		Ext Standby Glycol Pump On

		The standby glycol pump is on, as indicated by an external input signal.

		External Standby Unit On

		A standby unit is on, as indicated by an external input signal.

		Compressor

		Compressor 1 High Head Pressure

		Compressor 1 high head pressure.

		Compressor 1 Low Suction Pressure

		Compressor 1 low suction pressure.

		Dig Scroll Comp 1 Temp Sensor Issue

		Digital scroll compressor 1 temperature sensor is disconnected or the signal is out of range.

		Dig Scroll Comp 1 Over Temp

		Digital scroll compressor 1 shut off because its head temperature has exceeded the upper threshold.

		Compressor 1 Hours Exceeded

		Operating hours for compressor 1 have exceeded the threshold.

		Compressor 1 Short Cycle

		Compressor 1 short cycle.  A short cycle is defined as turning on and off a number of times over a set time period.

		Compressor 1 Short Cycle - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Compressor 1 Short Cycle] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Compressor 1 Short Cycle - Event Type

		The event type for the [Compressor 1 Short Cycle] event.

		Compressor 1 Low Pressure Transducer Issue

		Compressor 1 low pressure transducer is disconnected or the signal is out of range.

		Humidifier_Dehumidifier

		Humidifier Under Current

		The electrical current to the humidifier has dropped below its lower threshold.

		Humidifier Over Current

		The electrical current to the humidifier has exceeded its upper threshold.

		Humidifier Low Water

		The water level in the humidifier has dropped below its threshold.

		Humidifier Cylinder Worn

		Humidifier cylinder is not operating properly and needs to be replaced.

		Humidifier Hours Exceeded

		Operating hours for the humidifier have exceeded the threshold.

		Dehumidifier Hours Exceeded

		Operating hours for the dehumidifier have exceeded the threshold.

		Fans

		Fan Control Mode

		Fan control mode.

		Fan Speed Manual Set Point

		Manual fan speed.

		Fan Speed Minimum Set Point

		Minimum fan speed.

		Clogged Air Filter

		Air filter is dirty and needs to be (cleaned or) replaced.

		Loss of Air Flow

		No air flow through the unit due to failure of all fans.

		Remote Sensor Temperature

		Air temperature as measured by remote sensor.

		Remote Sensor Issue

		Remote sensor is disconnected or the signal is out of range.

		Remote Sensors

		Reheater

		Electric Reheater 1 Hours Exceeded

		Operating hours for electric reheater 1 have exceeded the threshold.

		Reheater Over Temperature

		The temperature of the reheater has exceeded its threshold.

		Condenser

		Condenser 1 Issue

		Condenser 1 is not operating within its normal parameters.

		Condenser 1 Issue - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Condenser 1 Issue] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Condenser 1 Issue - Event Type

		The event type for the [Condenser 1 Issue] event.

		System Info

		Fan Speed

		Fan speed expressed as a percentage of the maximum rated speed.

		Compressor Utilization

		Present compressor utilization expressed as a percentage of the maximum rated capacity.

		Dehumidifier Utilization

		Present dehumidifier utilization expressed as a percentage of the maximum rated capacity.

		Reheat Utilization

		Present reheating utilization expressed as a percentage of the maximum rated capacity.

		Humidifier Utilization

		Present humidifier utilization expressed as a percentage of the maximum rated capacity.

		High Power Shutdown

		Supply to high power components has been shutdown.  

		High Power Shutdown - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [High Power Shutdown] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		High Power Shutdown - Event Type

		The event type for the [High Power Shutdown] event.

		Water Leakage Detector Sensor Issue

		The water leakage detector sensor is disconnected or the signal is out of range.

		Unit Partial Shutdown

		An event has occurred requiring some system components to be shutdown and disabled.

		Unit Shutdown

		An event has occurred requiring the unit to be shutdown and disabled to prevent damage to the system.

		Supply Chilled Water Loss of Flow

		Supply chilled water flow is too low.

		Chilled Water

		External Fire Detected

		Fire detected, as indicated by an external input signal.

		Calculated Next Maintenance Month

		Calculated month of the next scheduled maintenance.  Used in conjunction with [Calculated Next Maintenance Year].

		Calculated Next Maintenance Year

		Calculated year of the next scheduled maintenance.  Used in conjunction with [Calculated Next Maintenance Month].

		Unit Off

		Unit was turned off.

		Unit was turned off.

		Unit On

		Unit was turned on.

		Unit Standby

		Unit was placed in standby mode.

		Fan Hours Exceeded

		Operating hours for the unit blower fan have exceeded the threshold.

		BMS Communications Timeout

		Building Management System (or external monitoring system) has not communicated with the system within the expected timeframe.

		Maintenance Due

		The calculated maintenance date has been reached.

		Maintenance Completed

		Maintenance has been completed on the unit.

		System Operating State Reason

		The reason the system is in the current operating state.

		Reason Unknown

		Network Display

		Alarm

		Schedule

		Remote System

		External Input

		Local Display

		External Air Blower 1 Issue

		Air blower 1 is not operating within its operational parameters, as indicated by an external input signal.

		External Air Blower 1 - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [External Air Blower 1 Issue] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		External Air Blower 1 - Event Type

		The event type for the [External Air Blower 1 Issue] event.

		Supply Air Temperature Control Type

		Supply air temperature control program type.

		Supply

		Remote

		Return

		Intelligent

		Customer Input 1

		Event associated with an active customer input 1 signal.

		Smoke Detected

		Water Under Floor

		Average

		Maximum

		Reheat Lockout

		Humidifier Lockout

		Reheat+Humidifier Lockout

		Compressor Lockout

		Service Required

		Over Temperature

		Air Blower 1 Loss

		Condenser VFD

		Condenser TVSS

		High Power Shutdown

		Condenser 1 Fail

		Humidifier Problem or Cylinder Worn

		Calculated Next Maintenance

		Return Air Over Temperature

		[Return Air Temperature] has exceeded [Return Air Over Temp Threshold].

		Return Air Over Temp Threshold

		Threshold value used in the [Return Air Over Temperature] event.

		Return Air Over Temp - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Return Air Over Temperature] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Return Air Over Temp - Event Type

		The event type for the [Return Air Over Temperature] event.

		Water Under Floor + Hmdfr Lockout

		Water Under Floor + Unit Shutdown

		Cndsr Pump High Water

		Cndsr Pump High Water + Hmdfr Lockout

		Cndsr Pump High Water + Unit Shutdown

		Fire Detected

		Asset Management

		Kernel Version

		Kernel version.

		Hardware Platform

		Hardware platform.

		Bootloader Version

		Bootloader version.

		Root File System Version

		Root file system version.

		iCOM Software Framework Version

		iCOM software framework version.

		Software Application Version

		Software application version.

		Engineering

		Current LP Pressure

		Digital scroll compressor suction pressure (Low Pressure side).

		Current HP Pressure

		Digital scroll compressor discharge pressure (High Pressure side).

		Return Dew Point

		Dew point temperature measured at the inlet of the unit.

		Remote Sensor Minimum Temperature

		Minimum value of remote sensor temperature measurements.

		Remote Sensor Maximum Temperature

		Maximum value of remote sensor temperature measurements.

		Remote Sensor Average Temperature

		Average value of remote sensor temperature measurements.

		Heating Proportional Band

		Temperature control band below [Air Temperature Set Point].  If measured air temperature is within this band, heating operations are proportionally controlled.

		Air Temperature Control Sensor

		Sensor from which air temperature measurements will be used for cooling and heating control. 

		Remote Sensor Temperature Calculation

		Calculation method applied to temperature readings from the remote sensors to determine a single temperature measurement value for cooling and heating control.

		Supply Humidity

		Relative humidity at the outlet of the unit.

		Dehumidification  Proportional Band

		Humidity control band above [Humidity Set Point].  If measured humidity is within this band, dehumidification operations are proportionally controlled.

		Humidifier Issue

		Humidifier issue detected, causing it to be locked out.

		Ext Humidifier Lockout

		The humidifier is shut down and disabled by an external input signal.

		Humidifier Control Board Not Detected

		Humidifier control board is required to be connected, but no signal is detected.

		Fan Speed Proportional Band

		Temperature control band above the temperature set point calculated for proportional fan speed control.  If measured air temperature is within this band, fan speed operations are proportionally controlled.

		Fan Speed Maximum Set Point

		Maximum fan speed.

		Fan Control Sensor

		Sensor from which air temperature measurements will be used for fan speed control.

		Fan Temperature Set Point Delta

		Value added to [Air Temperature Set Point] to calculate the temperature set point for proportional fan speed control.  This value is only used when [Fan Control Sensor] is not equal to [Air Temperature Control Sensor].

		Control Coupled Mode

		Control coupled mode.

		Decoupled

		Coupled

		Return Humidity Out Of Proportional Band

		[Return Humidity] has exceeded the upper limit of [Dehumidification  Proportional Band], or has dropped below the lower limit of [Humidification  Proportional Band] ], for an extended period of time.

		Remote Sensor Name

		Name assigned to remote sensor.

		Remote Sensor Function

		Function assigned to remote sensor.

		Control

		Reference

		Disable

		Ext Reheat Lockout

		The reheater is shut down and disabled by an external input signal.

		Ext Compressor Lockout

		The compressor is shut down and disabled by an external input signal.

		System Operations

		Maintenance Ramp

		The ratio of operations performed to the calculated operations available between maintenance intervals.

		Event Configuration

		Temperature/Humidity Events Control

		Enable/disable the activation of all temperature and humidity related events.  If set to 'disabled', the events will not be annunciated.  This implies that the events will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		System Events

		Unit Status

		Current status of unit.

		Alarm Off

		Manual

		Local Off

		System Off

		Alarm Standby

		Standby

		Timer Off

		System On

		Warning On

		Alarm On

		Timer On

		Teamwork Mode

		Teamwork mode.  Provides the ability to group multiple networked units for the purpose of operating based on shared system parameters.

		No Teamwork Mode

		Teamwork Mode 1

		Teamwork Mode 2

		Teamwork Mode 1 Basis

		Calculation method applied to temperature and humidity readings from all networked units operating in teamwork mode 1.

		Maximum

		Average

		BMS Timeout Period

		Timeframe within which the Building Management System (or external monitoring system) must communicate with the system to avoid a timeout.

		RAM Battery Issue

		RAM or RAM backup battery is not operating correctly.  

		Low Memory

		Free memory has dropped below a critical threshold.

		Master Unit Communication Lost

		Communication with master unit has been lost.

		Calculated Cooling Capacity

		Calculated cooling capacity.

		Calculated HP Temperature

		Calculated HP temperature.

		Calculated LP Temperature

		Calculated LP temperature.

		Calculated Ratio Rough

		Calculated ratio rough.

		Calculated Ratio Output

		Calculated ratio output.

		LP Value A (lowest of 3)

		Lowest digital scroll compressor suction pressure reading of the last 3 cycles.

		LP Value B (lowest of 1)

		Lowest digital scroll compressor suction pressure reading of the current cycle.

		Calculated Supply Humidity

		Calculated supply humidity.

		PA Data

		Ext Condenser Pump High Water - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Ext Condenser Pump High Water] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Ext Condenser Pump High Water - Event Type

		The event type for the [Ext Condenser Pump High Water] event.

		Dig Scroll Comp 1 Over Temp - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Dig Scroll Comp 1 Over Temp] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Dig Scroll Comp 1 Over Temp - Event Type

		The event type for the [Dig Scroll Comp 1 Over Temp] event.

		Dig Scroll Comp 2 Over Temp

		Digital scroll compressor 2 shut off because its head temperature has exceeded the upper threshold.

		Dig Scroll Comp 2 Over Temp - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Dig Scroll Comp 2 Over Temp] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Dig Scroll Comp 2 Over Temp - Event Type

		The event type for the [Dig Scroll Comp 2 Over Temp] event.

		Ext Standby Glycol Pump On - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Ext Standby Glycol Pump On] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Ext Standby Glycol Pump On - Event Type

		The event type for the [Ext Standby Glycol Pump On] event.

		Humidifier Issue - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Humidifier Issue] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Humidifier Issue - Event Type

		The event type for the [Humidifier Issue] event.

		Master Unit Communication Lost - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Master Unit Communication Lost] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Master Unit Communication Lost - Event Type

		The event type for the [Master Unit Communication Lost] event.

		Operating Efficiency

		The ratio of cooling energy provided to the amount of total energy being used.

		Top Fan Issue

		The top fan is not operating within its normal parameters.

		Bottom Fan Issue

		The bottom fan is not operating within its normal parameters.

		Customer Input 2

		Customer input 2.

		Customer Input 3

		Customer input 3.

		Customer Input 4

		Customer input 4.

		Input Contact 02 - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Input Contact 02] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Input Contact 02 - Event Type

		The event type for the [Input Contact 02] event.

		Input Contact 03 - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Input Contact 03] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Input Contact 03 - Event Type

		The event type for the [Input Contact 03] event.

		Input Contact 04 - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Input Contact 04] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Input Contact 04 - Event Type

		The event type for the [Input Contact 04] event.

		Clogged Air Filter - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Clogged Air Filter] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Clogged Air Filter - Event Type

		The event type for the [Clogged Air Filter] event.

		High Return Humidity - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [High Return Humidity] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		High Return Humidity - Event Type

		The event type for the [High Return Humidity] event.

		Low Return Humidity - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Low Return Humidity] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Low Return Humidity - Event Type

		The event type for the [Low Return Humidity] event.

		High Power Shutdown

		Supply to high power components has been shutdown.

		High Power Shutdown - Event Control

		Enable/disable the activation of the [High Power Shutdown] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		High Power Shutdown - Event Type

		The event type for the [High Power Shutdown] event.

		Compressor 1 Short Cycle

		Compressor 1 short cycle.  A short cycle is defined as turning on and off a number of times over a set time period.

		Time

		Customer Input 2 - Event Control

		Customer Input 2 - Event Type

		Customer Input 3 - Event Control

		Customer Input 4 - Event Control

		Customer Input 3 - Event Type

		Customer Input 4 - Event Type

		The event type for the [Customer Input 2] event.

		The event type for the [Customer Input 3] event.

		The event type for the [Customer Input 4] event.

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Customer Input 2] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Customer Input 3] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		Enable/disable the activation of the [Customer Input 4] event.  If set to 'disabled', the event will not be annunciated.  This implies that the event will not be placed in any active event list or in any event history list.

		MBV Op Pressure

		Motorized ball valve 1 reading interval pressure.

		Dehumidification Status

		Dehumidification status.

		Humidification Status

		Humidification status.

		Compressor 1 High Pressure Transducer Issue

		Compressor 1 high pressure transducer is disconnected or the signal is out of range.

		Compressor 1 Pump Down Issue

		Unable to pump down suction-side pressure during compressor 1 shutdown.

		Electric Reheater Hours Exceeded

		Operating hours for electric reheater have exceeded the threshold.

		Electric Reheater 1 Status

		Electric reheater 1 status.

		Remote Off

		BMS Off

		Restart Delay

		Dehumidifier Disabled

		Dehumidifier disabled due to expiration of timer.

		Dehumidifier 12 Hour Lock Out

		Dehumidifier locked out for the next 12 hours.

		Dehumidifier Enabled

		Dehumidifier operations have resumed after having been previously disabled.

		Humidifier Disabled

		Humidifier disabled due to low supply air temperature.

		Humidifier Enabled

		Humidifier operations have resumed after having been previously disabled.

		Compressor Capacity Reduced

		Compressor capacity has been reduced due to high head pressure.

	

	

		

			24

			23

		

		

			24

			23

		

		

			25

			26

			27

			46

		

		

			28

			29

		

		

			30

			31

		

		

			32

			33

		

		

			30

		

		

			43

			44

		

		

			65

			66

			67

		

		

			380

			381

		

		

			404

			405

			406

			407

			408

			409

			410

			411

			412

			413

			414

			546

			547

			548

		

		

			417

			418

			419

		

		

			422

			423

		

	

	

	

	

		

			4098

			4099

			4100

			4097

		

		

			4098

			4098

			4098

			4097

		

		

			4098

			4097

		

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	

	Engineering,
    

	

	

